if you like making time-lapse videos
then I've got an accessory that I think
you're gonna love let's unbox it and
then take it for a spin
hi everyone this is Bryn I'm a huge fan
of making time-lapse videos and that
sounds like you too then I'd like to
show you a new accessory called fly mode
it's an affordable quality product and
it helps to make super smooth panning
time-lapse sequences the flow mo will
turn a complete 360 degrees in two hours
and currently is the only commercial to
our panning timer unit on the market
let's open the box and see what you get
the flow mode comes with a minimum of
packaging
there's the unit itself in a small
plastic bag and a couple of flow most
stickers
there's no printed user manual as
directions for use are printed on the
bottom of the unit itself
having said that instructions are
virtually unnecessary anyway because of
the flow Mo's intuitive design there are
time increments around the unit in large
easy to see print which allows for easy
detection of the status of rotation even
from some distance away there's no
batteries required so the unit is always
ready to go the flow mo was primarily
developed for use with smartphones and
compact cameras but it's also
particularly suited for use with my
favorite camera the GoPro Hero there's a
quarter inch thread hole underneath to
mount the flow mo on to any standard
quarter twenty tripod and there's a
quarter inch thread on top to attach
either the GoPro tripod adapter or the
GoPro Quick Connect tripod mount
okay let's have a look at the Plomo in
action
the flow most quality purpose-built
mechanism will allow you to make some
super smooth panning time-lapse
sequences combining them with static
sequences will help lift the quality of
your time-lapse videos to above the norm
for further information about flam oh
why not visit their website I've
included the link in the description
please consider giving this video a
thumbs up every time you hit the like
button it really helps our channel grow
you can watch more about GoPro related
videos by clicking on one of the links
below and if you haven't done so already
why not subscribe to bring make
productions to be notified when we
upload new videos this is Bryn thanks
for watching
you